Xiao Du is asleep
Before going to bed, he made me promise to be nice to my mother
What a good boy
I'll comb it for you.
Ah!
Don't be afraid.
Why is there a power outage?
It must be on the wire
Don't move.
If you move around, you will fall.
Come and let me help you
Come on, get up.
Good sit
Can you let me go now?
I lied to you.
I will always hold you
Keep hugging you
Mount Zhuowei
Just this once.
Mom and Dad really made up
Brother really has you
The next time mom and dad quarrel
I also use this trick
It's better in winter.
A basin of water goes down and you catch a cold
Do you want me to help you with the water?
Save the trouble
Dad, I'm talking nonsense.
Come and let's have a good chat with father and son